docs(developer,mac): add playable video links to the help documentation (#12828)
keymanapp/keyman: developer/docs/help/guides/intro.md

Developer IDE (formerly called TIKE), and the command line compiler kmc.

> [Watch a video](https://youtu.be/kwhgx_eX4Es) that highlights some of
> the Keyman Developer 14.0 features:

Reviewer: I wonder if we just need one link for each of these videos. (And the video duration may be helpful)

```suggestion
Watch a video that highlights some of
the Keyman Developer 14.0 features (57:23)
```
